docs: Grammar overhaul (#20636)
nuxt/nuxt: docs/2.guide/3.going-further/3.modules.md

Nuxt's [configuration](/docs/api/configuration/nuxt-config) and [hooks](/docs/guide/going-further/hooks) systems make it possible to customize every aspect of Nuxt and add any integration you might need (Vue plugins, CMS, server routes, components, logging, etc.).

**Nuxt Modules** are functions that sequentially run when starting Nuxt in development mode using `nuxi dev` or building a project for production with `nuxi build`.

> With modules, you can encapsulate, properly test, and share custom solutions as npm packages without adding unnecessary boilerplate to your project or requiring changes to Nuxt itself.

Author: Done!

  defaults: {},
  // Shorthand sugar to register Nuxt hooks
  hooks: {},
  // The function holding your module logic, can be asynchronous
  setup(moduleOptions, nuxt) {
    // ...

>   }

Author: Done!

})
```

Note that we use [`defu`](https://github.com/unjs/defu) to extend the public runtime configuration the user can provide instead of overwriting it.

You can then access your module options in a plugin, component, the application like any other runtime configuration:

> 

Author: Done!

> #### Be TypeScript Friendly

Author: Should that in that case be TypeScript-Friendly? Having friendly be lowercase seems unnatural..

> #### Be TypeScript Friendly

Reviewer: Yes, you are right here, as per the [APA style](https://apastyle.apa.org/style-grammar-guidelines/capitalization/title-case) that we follow. Here is a tool we can use whenever in doubt to verify the correctness of the casing (with _Title Case_ option selected): https://capitalizemytitle.com/style/APA
```suggestion
#### Be TypeScript-Friendly
```

It's a good practice to make a minimal reproduction with your module and [StackBlitz](https://nuxt.new/s/v3) that you add to your module readme.

> Not only does this provide potential users of your module a quick and easy way to experiment with the module, but also an easy way for them to build minimal reproductions they can send you when they encounter issues.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It provides end users with a quick and easy way to experiment with the module and helps them build minimal reproductions they can send you when they encounter issues.
```

> #### Do Not Advertize With a Specific Nuxt Version

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Do Not Advertize with a Specific Nuxt Version
```

> #### Stick With Starter Defaults

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Stick with Starter Defaults
```

The module starter has a default set of tools and configurations (e.g. ESLint configuration). If you plan on open-sourcing your module, sticking with those defaults ensures it shares a consistent coding style with other [community modules](/modules), making it easier for others to contribute.

## Ecosystem

> [Nuxt Module ecosystem](/modules) represents more than 15 million monthly NPM downloads and provides extended functionalities and integrations with all sorts of tools. You can be part of this ecosystem!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Nuxt Modules](/modules) ecosystem represents more than 15 million monthly NPM downloads and provides extended functionalities and integrations with all sorts of tools. You can be part of this ecosystem!
```

> By moving your modules to [nuxt-modules](https://github.com/nuxt-modules), there is always someone else to help, and this way, we can join forces to make one perfect solution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By moving your modules to [Nuxt Modules](https://github.com/nuxt-modules), there is always someone else to help, and this way, we can join forces to make one perfect solution.
```

> If you have an already published and working module and want to transfer it to `nuxt-modules`, [open an issue in nuxt/modules](https://github.com/nuxt/modules/issues/new).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have an already published and working module and want to transfer it to `nuxt-modules`, [open an issue there](https://github.com/nuxt/modules/issues/new).
```
